Web createapp use cookiecutter (#2396)
ome/omero-documentation: omero/developers/Web/CreateApp.rst

--------------

In order to deploy OMERO.web in a development or testing environment,
please start by following the install instructions under :doc:`Deployment` to
create a python environment with `omero-py` and `omero-web` installed.

If you want to make changes to the OMERO.web code itself, go to
:doc:`/developers/Web/EditingOmeroWeb`.

Create an app using cookiecutter
--------------------------------

> To get started quickly, we are going to use the "cookiecutter" template at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in `cookiecutter-omero-webapp <https://github.com/ome/cookiecutter-omero-webapp>`_ to install `cookiecutter`, create your app
and run it within your `omero-web` python environment.
```

`cookiecutter-omero-webapp <https://github.com/ome/cookiecutter-omero-webapp>`_.

Please follow the instructions there to install `cookiecutter`, create your app
and run it within your `omero-web` python environment.

Exploring the app
-----------------

> The newly created app template is well-documented to explain how the app is working.

Reviewer: Where is it well-documented ? 
If kind of "inside itself", then maybe

``Follow the comments in the created app template to understand how the app is working.`` 
would seem more plausible to me

Author: clarified in d3c5029d

Briefly, the app supports a single URL defined in
``urls.py`` which maps to the ``index`` function
within ``views.py``. This uses the connection to
OMERO, ``conn`` to load the current user's name and passes this
to the ``index.html`` template to render the page.

This page also includes the static ``app.js`` and ``app.css`` files.
JavaScript is used to load Projects from the :doc:`/developers/json-api` and
display them on the page.

> These represent the 2 main options you have for loading data from OMERO and displaying

Reviewer: What does "These" refer to here ? To ``app.js`` and ``app.css`` ? If so, then there should not be an empty line between this and previous paragraph. If not, I am lost in the text :)

Reviewer: Maybe the "These ...2 main options..." refer to the kinda "Django" option and the option using JavaScript. Then, the two options correspond to the two paragraphs above ? If so, it would be helpful to add word "Django" to the first paragraph in order not to loose the context.

Author: Thanks @pwalczysko - reformatted this section in 075bf619

that data in the browser: In the first case, we use the OMERO
`python API <https://omero.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developers/Python.html>`_ to load data

> and render it into `html`` using Django templates. Alternatively, we can use JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and render it into ``html`` using Django templates. Alternatively, we can use JavaScript
```

> to load data in the form of `JSON` and to generate html dynamically. You may find that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to load data in the form of `JSON` and to generate ``html`` dynamically.
```

> the :doc:`/developers/json-api` or :doc:`/developers/Web/WebGateway` provide some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :doc:`/developers/json-api` or :doc:`/developers/Web/WebGateway` provide some
```

of the data you wish to load, but for custom JSON data, you can add URL end-points to

> your own app that load data and return it as a JSON response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your own app that loads data and returns it as a JSON response.
```

--------------

In order to deploy OMERO.web in a development or testing environment,
please start by following the install instructions under :doc:`Deployment` to
create a python environment with `omero-py` and `omero-web` installed.

If you want to make changes to the OMERO.web code itself, go to
:doc:`/developers/Web/EditingOmeroWeb`.

Create an app using cookiecutter
--------------------------------

Follow the instructions in `cookiecutter-omero-webapp <https://github.com/ome/cookiecutter-omero-webapp>`_
to install `cookiecutter`, create your app and run it within your `omero-web` python environment.

Please follow the instructions there to install `cookiecutter`, create your app
and run it within your `omero-web` python environment.

Exploring the app
-----------------

> The newly created app is well-documented within the code itself to explain how the app is working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The working of the newly created app is well-documented within the code itself.
```

Briefly, the app supports a single URL defined in ``urls.py`` which maps to the ``index`` function
within ``views.py``. This uses the connection to OMERO, ``conn`` to load the current user's name and
passes this to the ``index.html`` template to render the page.

Here we are using the OMERO
`python API <https://omero.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developers/Python.html>`_ to load data
and render it into ``html`` using Django templates.

An alternative option is to use JavaScript

> to load data in the form of `JSON` and to generate html dynamically in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to load data in the form of `JSON` and to generate ``html`` dynamically in the browser.
```

Author: Fixed in c3d8b1d88
